DO NOT POST ABOUT ANY ISSUES OR BALANCE PROBLEMS YOU ENCOUNTER WHILE PLAYING WITH MODIFIED CONFIGS.

If you have this file open it must mean you are interested in modifying the Reforged Eden 2 configuration files.

The good news: You are free to do so!
The bad news: Doing so is at your own risk, and because of a lot of complaints that came about from modifying the configs I have made this disclaimer file.
If you still wish to modify the scenario configs, please read the rest of this file.


=== DISCLAIMER ===

DO NOT POST ABOUT ANY ISSUES OR BALANCE FEEDBACK YOU HAVE WHILE PLAYING WITH MODIFIED CONFIGS.
By modifying *ANY* Reforged Eden 2 files away from their defaults as included in the scenario, you may not be able to receive any support on the scenario, nor will you be able to receive or give help and advice from other players, nor leave actionable feedback.
This is because by modifying the scenario, you are now playing a custom version of it and your play experience will be different in ways that no one else can possibly know about.
By modifying the configs, you are taking on the responsibility of supporting your own version of the scenario. We do not have access to your configs, so we don't know what you changed and therefor we cannot really help you out any.

Please do not report issues, leave feedback, or give advice based on your modified version of the scenario.
This includes things like reporting errors, giving feedback on scenario balance, or asking or offering advice with other players.

I have included this disclaimer because we have been receiving a significant amount of feedback and reports that come from using modified configs that we cannot support.
You are responsible for keeping your copy of the scenario configs up to date. How you do that is up to you, but there are compare tools out there to make it easier.

TLDR: Modify the configs at your own risk and don't complain if things go wrong.


=== Removing or Changing Block Limits ===

Reforged Eden 2 has hard coded limits for blocks such as weapons, CPU extenders, shield upgrades, and more.
These limits have been carefully balanced and rebalanced over the past 2 years based on testing and feedback.
It is not recommended to change these limits as it can significantly impact the play experience.
Additionally, the game difficulty setting for Block Limits should always be turned on to prevent massive exploits.

If you still wish to change the limits for any blocks, you can do so in both the BlocksConfig.ecf and the BlockGroupsConfig.ecf files.
You will need to change the limits in both files to correctly apply.
Note: Again, regardless of what you set the block limits to, you should keep Block Limits turned on in the game difficulty settings even if you are playing in single player and have no intention of exploiting.


=== Removing Shield Penetration ===

You can remove shield penetration in ItemsConfig.ecf by finding any line with ShieldDamagePenFac or BlastShieldDamagePenFac and either changing the value to 0, commenting out the line, or removing the line.
How you go about doing this is up to you.
Be warned: Removing shield penetration from RE2 is not supported and may actually make some combat much harder than intended as well as invalidating some player created ship blueprints and RE2 POIs.